hello everyone and welcome to a new
pokemon channel episode very well
this time I bring you we love wine as
you can see in the image of the good video
before commenting I want to say two things
The first is that you put me down
pokemons that you want for the next pro
that stain the since I'm running
no ideas and good in the description
You will see the list of reproductions of the
pokemon charlene so you can not
because we see that I have already done
there are many people who put me because we have
repeated and second the video has to
develop as always 50 likes for
daily video and good let's start now
we will see with baby babies 252 points
in attack
You have 252 points in ps and the remaining 6
in speed very well firm nature
has a good attack this pokemon there
to exploit it to the maximum since it is
a slow pokémon skill bait bait that
makes life cbol as the movements
of type ice type game just you
will produce three quarters of normal damage
a pokémon with this skill is worth or
be the two attacks of type I'm the type
that I want and fire are not reduced to the
half
the band focus object will go very well
because surely there is some pokemon that
it destroys us with a touch so
least we can put the traps rocks
what you see next in the
movements ok we start with the ones with
the earthquake movements learn it by
emt avalanche does not learn puts puts song
Ice cream learns it being a swain up to
level 24 suffering a dream remember and
traps rocks he learns by the
movement egg and the father in the
daycare has to be a smart world
it's worth it if he's my TV being pokemones
so ugly that it has a tail that paints
good that it has like a brush and good
now let's see the statistics
ends of mamos when it reaches the
level 100 here we have the
final statistics of go wayne
when it reaches level 100 it is worth
we started ps 424 is very good is a
large tank that will stand quite
although we have focus band just in case
to be able to put traps rocks and then
with as much side as attacked with
priority can attack then attack 394
incredible attack if you have seen almost
the 400 defense 196 justita attack
special 156 does not matter of thoughts
special 156 very justita but good with
the bait skill that reduces attacks
of fire type and that fire type is
Most iguanas are sometimes worth if smith
in the physical but equally flamethrower
for example we would reduce it so by
luck with bait skill we can
cover quite the type of game that is
what really hurts us and speed
197 that to be a physical tank the
truth that is fast by at between
quotes so it's not bad with
hand mammon way what we have to do
is to put back traps rocks
if they do not attack us then earthquakes
then if we are about to die singing
ice cream because we attack with priority or
it is very well there are people who
use with life wait but good yo
I prefer band focus to make sure
that does not die and good as I told you
50 álex for daily video I hope that you
have liked this episode of pokemon
channel follow me on facebook and follow me
on twitter also I've done twitter
everything I leave here below the description and
see you until next time